ABG Shipyard Limited
Annual Report 2012-2013
28
AUDITOR'S CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
To The Members,
ABG Shipyard Limited.
st 
We have examined the compliance of Corporate Governance by ABG Shipyard Limited for the year ended on 31 March 2013, as 
stipulated in Clause 49 of the Listing Agreement of the said Company with the Stock Exchanges.
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. Our examination has been limited 
to a review of the procedures and implementations thereof adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance with the conditions of 
the Corporate Governance as stipulated in the said Clause. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial 
statement of the Company.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, and based on the representations 
made by the Directors and the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate 
Governance as stipulated in Clause 49 of the above mentioned Listing Agreement.
We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company, nor of the efficiency with which the 
Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
For Nisar & Kumar
Chartered Accountants
F. R. No. 107117W
      
M. N. Ahmed
Place: Mumbai
     (Partner)
th
Date: 30  May, 2013
     M. No. 18380
ABG Shipyard Limited
Annual Report 2012-2013
29
ANNEXURE - C
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS
MARKET TRENDS & ECONOMY
Financial Year 2012-13 is a challenging year to the Global as well as Indian Economy. World output was down from 4% in 2011 to 
3.2% in 2012. Emerging and developing economies output touched a low of 5.1%, reflecting a sharp drop from 6.4% in the previous 
year. The U.S. economy improved marginally, driven mainly by housing and the consumer sectors; however, capital investments 
remained sluggish. The Euro zone shrank by 0.6%.  Among the Asian economies, China, going through a political transition, 
experienced considerably slower growth.
During the Financial Year 2012-13, the Indian economy experienced a low growth rate of about 5-5.5%. Year-on-year GDP growth 
rd
rate, in the 3  quarter touched 4.5%, the second lowest in recent years. Industrial sectors, too, continued to reel under the severe 
slowdown.
Going ahead, most market analysts expect GDP to be around 6% in the Financial Year 2013-14, assuming a normal monsoon. The 
Reserve Bank of India remains focused on containing inflation, and is expected to continue following a conservative policy on 
interest rates.  Sluggish value of Indian rupees is also great concern to Indian Economy. 
However, long term prospects for the Indian economy, continue to remain bright, given the favorable demographics and the 
directional commitment towards liberalization. However, much work remains to be done to free up core sectors and restart growth. 
Outlook for the current fiscal with inflation now well within tolerance level, appears better than the previous year. Additionally, 
softening of global commodity prices should help to reduce the imported inflation in domestic economy. 
INDUSTRY OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK
Globally, Shipbuilding and Ship Repair industry is growing at a Compounded Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of about 24 per cent and 
is likely to reach ` 14 lakh crore by 2015 owing to rising global sea borne trade, according to the study done by the Associate 
Chambers of Commerce (ASSOCHAM).
During the year under review, Global Shipbuilding Industry experienced rapid decline in new shipbuilding orders as backlogs 
remained high and the global economic downturn adversely affected the demand for new ships or vessels. 
China, South Korea and Japan are leading shipbuilding nations and cater to over 80% of the global shipbuilding industry. The 
Chinese Government continues to give subsidies to the industry due to which the country enjoys over 35% of the global share. The 
Chinese Shipyards continue building ships which flood the market, depressing it further. 
India and Vietnam are seen as upcoming centers for global shipbuilding and have displayed enormous growth potential since 2000. 
However, India has not yet reached a stage where it can enjoy economies of scale like Korea or China.  
Still Indian Shipbuilding industry accounts for less than 1 percent of global market share. According to study done by Shipyards 
Association of India (SAI), while shipbuilding in countries like China, South Korea and Japan continue to account for more than 80 
per cent of the global shipbuilding market. The Indian Shipbuilding and Ship repair Industry is likely to reach ` 9,200 crore by year 
2015, growing at a Compounded Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of about 8 per cent according to a study done by the  ASSOCHAM.
On an average India produces around 20 ships in a year while developed shipbuilding markets make 70 -100 ships a year. Due to 
this, almost 90% of equipment for manufacturing ships is sourced from overseas. 
With about an 8,000 kilometer  long coastline there are about 27 shipyards, 12 major ports and 200 ports under states jurisdiction in 
India. Approximately 90% of the country’s trade by volume and 70% by value are moved through Maritime Transport. There is huge 
scope for development of the shipping sector.  However, the country's opportunities in the maritime business have not been fully 
utilized. 
An authentic estimate is  that the shipbuilding industry is likely to generate a revenue of ` 800 billion and an overall revenue of           
` 3300.00 billion including associated sectors. Employment to the extent of 0.4 million new direct jobs in shipbuilding and around 2.4 
million new jobs in shipbuilding, ship repairing and associated sectors can be generated. 
The Government has a key role to improve the efficiency and productivity of domestic shipbuilding companies to enable them to 
compete with their overseas counterparts. The Indian Government has been very supportive in the past which gave a significant 
fillip/ impetus to the industry. Although the Government had extended the Shipbuilding Subsidy Scheme from 2002 to 2007, which 
caused a temporary boom in the industry, however, the subsequent discontinuation of the scheme along with recession, had some 
negative impact on the industry. Various Industrial Bodies has recommend to revive of subsidy scheme, easing tax related 
regulations and declaring shipbuilding a status of strategic industry. 
The Indian government has mooted plans to develop ancillary units for the shipbuilding sector, which has the potential to create 
approx 2.4 million jobs. The government has taken various initiatives for up - gradation of infrastructure in ports which include 
expeditious implementation of various capacity addition and mechanization project. The initiatives include private sector 
participation in capacity augmentation/ up-gradation for which bid documents have been standardized, and 100% FDI being allowed 
under the automatic route, Income tax incentives are also available for investments made in port infrastructure. 
OPPORTUNITIES & THREATS
Union budget 2013-14 has provided a slight relief to domestic shipbuilding industry by removing excise duty burden of 6% to the 
